---
title: Lessons from CompSci
weight: 3
---

Once upon a time, there was a girl (me) and she hated specialized kitchen tools with a firey passion. She believed these to be tools of those with more money than sense or vastly inappropriatly little interest in their food or learning how to prepare it correctly. Then she took a compsci class. This had no measurable effect. Then she took another compsci class. And they would. not. shut. up. about the wide API. Essentially this is when someone tries to write software that does too many different things so it isn't optomized for anything and can't really do any of those things very well. Also, some people have disabilities or access issues that may preclude the use of the more multi-use tools I tend to rely on. So, my lesson was reluctantly learned. Sometimes, specialization is good because it can produce a product that much better, easier, faster, etc. Sometimes specialized things are just fun to have and use and impress your friends with. Sometimes you can gain back your investment in money, time, or effort saved by just buying whatever it is. Sometimes you don't. No one else can tell you what the money, time, or effort spent on your food is worth to you. But if apples don't exist in your timeline, maybe don't buy that fancy apple peeler. Nothing peeled in 4 seconds is still just nothing. What's essential to me (an 8 inch chef's knife) might be a mildly dangerous doorstop to someone who can't safely or confidently use a knife. Some specialized tools are better, sure, but alternatives are cheaper, easier to clean, and still get the job done. It's up to you.

The same goes for the food itself. Some stuff can be approximated at home but really needs a commercial or culturally specific set up to be any good or make any sense. You can make really good bread because you can eat it fresh out of the oven, get involved in the process, and tweak it to your taste. Bakeries can make really good bread because they can bulk buy quality ingredients, employ people whose literal job is making bread, is produced in a facility specifically designed for producing bread, and is baked in an oven that carefully micro-manages temperature, air-flow, and humidity. Shwarma cooked by any other method may be tasty, but just won't be the same as what you get from the stand with the vertical spit broiler. You simply cannot cut things with the precision and accuracy of a deli slicer with a knife. So, choose your battles and adapt your tools and pantry to how you cook and helps you get what you want to get on the table given the restraints that you have. Outsource where necessary. Or desired. Bring in house only what brings you joy to do so. I won't even tell Ina.
