---
title: How this works
weight: 1
---

Hi, my name is Gabby, and I am measurement-adverse. I can justify this by reminding you that measurement is lie invented by control freaks anyhow since flavor, size, and water density of vegetables changes between times of year, region, and species. Moisture in the air affects baking (I know, its infuriating). So does the room temperature. Even with processed products and pantry staples, there is variation between brands, types, and region in flavor, density, and properties. Water boils at a different temperature depending on where you are for Pete's sake. And to throw a wrench in this already existing cluster, personal taste is a thing. Maybe you like this or that spicier or saltier or boozier or thicker or maybe you're like Joe and think the best gumbo is just a bowl of rice. You have to account for this on your own. So, taste your food, if you don't like it, fix it. Don't get wrapped up in the recipes, they're probably wrong. I just made most of them up anyways. Feel free to bastardize them, I certainly do. Use what's in season, what you've got laying around whatever. Dress it up, dress it down, strip it bare and hide it in the cellar, whatever your fancy. Logistically, this is how it goes. Name of the recipe is at the top of the page. They are followed by an intro section where I maybe give you some information about the dish or maybe just mumble about something that may or may not be loosely related like a suburban Mom whose shitty husband model #682 can't remember her middle name. It should include serving suggestions and pairings. Then, finally, comes the actual recipe. Ingredients, instructions, you know the drill. If you do not recognize an ingredient, allow me to direct you to the ingredient appendix, prepared specifically for your convenience where all is made clear to you. The appendix is also where you will find substitutions and the like. I think that's all the information you need. If not, figure it out. Or give me a call. Whatever.
